# SC2LE Research Log
## Entry #2
### 2017-11-06

## Current Progress:

As per the last research log, I have been able to sample the 17-dim action space for the DefeatRoaches mini-game and pass the sampled action to be executed in the environment.
Also, fed the sampled action back into the update instead of returning a fixed action.

One thing to note, I had assumed that all the 17 actions will be available throughout the episode, based on an initial test run where I printed the available actions from the environment. Assumption was quickly proven wrong when running the script, action `# 5/select_unit` was unavailable at certain steps, prompting the script to be terminated.

To remedy that, I used a while loop to keep sampling an action until the sampled action is in the set of the available actions in that state. On a side note, there might be more available actions than the 17 I'm currently using.

Also, the arguments are fixed (basically all 0s where a number is needed) for the 17 actions. So I effectively see the agent repeatedly moving the marines to the top left of the screen. Two things - first this means the arguments are passed correctly, two this means that the coordinates are set with origin at the top left.

Finally, at this point, the features used to represent the state is still only `TimeStep.observation['single_select']`(1,7).

## Next Steps:

- Change the features to `TimeStep.observation['screen'][5]` (player_relative)(84,84) tensor
- Use CNN to process the screen feature
- If that works, use both the screen feature and `TimeStep.observation['single_select']`(1,7) 
- If that works, use all 7 relevant screen channels and 3 relevant nonspatial features
- If that works, sample the spatial arguments