# SC2LE Research Log
## Entry #3
### 2017-11-07

## Current Progress:

Replaced the while loop to filter out unavailable actions with the following:

- Set the probabilities of the unavailable actions to 0
- Normalize the new probability distribution

This is as per laid out in DeepMind's PySC2 paper

Incorporated all 7 screen features and the 3 nonspatial features that are relevant to the DefeatRoaches minigame. Did not include the minimap features since in this case, no screen movement is required ie. the screen encompasses the entire map.

One problem here is that in incorporating the multi_select nonspatial feature, the dimensions of the multi_select tensor is (n,7) where n is the number of units selected. Since the input size has to be fixed, I assume that n <= 100 and if n < 100, I pad the unrolled tensor with zeros.

While adding the screen features, I realized that the screen tensor dimensions for the DefeatRoaches minigame  were actually (64,64) instead of (84,84).

Also modeled individual policies for base_actions and all relevant argument types (x and y coordinates are modeled independently as well). The entropy and policy_loss are calculated as the sum of individual entropies and policy_losses for individual policies.

Added `tf.clip_by_value` to all `tf.log` functions to prevent overflow due to log 0.

Added `global` variables `_max_score` and `_running_avg_score` that records the maximum score and exponentially-weighted moving average respectively. `running_avg_score` is calculated as
`running_avg_score = (2.0 / 101) * (episode_reward - running_avg_score) + running_avg_score` so that the average is taken approximately over the last 100 episodes.

Another thing to point out is that the argument policies are updated irregardless of whether the argument was used. Eg. even if the no_op action is taken, all argument policy networks are updated even though no arguments were accepted. In that sense, there is a lot of noise in the updating of the policy networks for the arguments.

## Next Steps:

- Generalize script to run for all minigames
- Expand the accepted features and sampled actions/arguments